---
title: Upcoming Meetings
description: A landing page describing upcoming meetings of the community of practice
background: assets/images/elyse-turton-9M478YLamG0-unsplash.jpg
permalink: /meetings/
imageLicense: |
  Photo by [Elyse Turton](https://unsplash.com/@elyseturton?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText) on [Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/s/photos/nova-scotia?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText)  
height: 70vh
---
## Community of Practice Monthly Meetings

Note: **This is NOT a lecture series!** Our monthly meeting is an evolving format focused on *community building* and connecting people within the group (i.e., our focus is not on presenting content or delivering training like a lecture series might be). 

### Upcoming Meeting Themes

#### April meeting

Based on the feedback we received during last month’s meeting, we’re pivoting April’s meeting. We will focus less on forming working groups with specific goals/milestones and more on forming dynamic peer groups, where we can explore topics together during the meetings without solid deliverables or time commitments outside of meetings.

##### April session goals: 
-	Continue community building through short talks and networking
-	Spread awareness of existing best practices (specifically, awareness of the standards developed by [Araújo et al.](https://www.science.org/doi/pdf/10.1126/sciadv.aat4858))
-	Form peer discussion groups and analytical working groups, who will get in the trenches together on analytical habitat modelling projects

##### Agenda:
-	Welcome and updates
-	‘Get to Know the Participants’ talks from Courtney Baldo and Sean Haughian. Please contact me to present at this month's meeting! We need two more presenters! This is a 5-minute talk!
-	Question period for ‘Get to Know the Participants’ talks and networking in breakout rooms
-	Break (~ at 2:45-2:50pm)
-	Presentation of [Araújo et al. best practices](http://standards.biogeoinformatics.org/index.php/Main_Page), [case study](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11pUPL2m5xvYKBBXkMwFjzY7nUL5WwZZGvH4-SHZZDso/edit?usp=sharing) and discussion group format
-	Discussion groups tackle the [case study](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11pUPL2m5xvYKBBXkMwFjzY7nUL5WwZZGvH4-SHZZDso/edit?usp=sharing) in breakout rooms
-	Introduction to [analytical working group format](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1MNc0BoxiwLTjrQuSdAXjY764lH-Imd3j8xRQ9C5NBEs/edit?usp=sharing) (~ at 3:30pm). Non-technical folks are welcome to leave at this point in the meeting.
-	[Analytical working groups](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1MNc0BoxiwLTjrQuSdAXjY764lH-Imd3j8xRQ9C5NBEs/edit?usp=sharing) tackle tasks together in breakout rooms

#### Future meetings
{: .alert .alert-info}
We may pause the meetings during the summer. 

* **May**: Westwood Lab workshop: an approach to ‘grading’ data quality and quantity for environmental covariates for modelling
* **June**: TBD
